This is Stile, the slightly offbeat coffee shop
where the workers have characteristics
and interact with customers.
This is Hinata Kaho who plays the tsundere.
I-I don't especially want you
to come over or anything!
Hoshikawa Mafuyu plays the younger sister.
I was waiting for you, Onii-chan!
And me, Sakuranomiya Maika. I play...
What are you staring at, mongrel?
SADIST
...a sadist!
SWEETS
WITHOUT HONOR
I finally found a part-time job,
but playing a sadist...
EH...
It's really hard to get used to.
Still, I owe this café that hired me
with the naturally scary look in my eyes,
so I can't stay a newbie forever!
I need to practice
so I can get used to it fast!
Dumbass, dumbass, dumbass, dumbass,
dumbass, dumbass, dumbass...
Scum, scum, scum...
Um, is this...
A curse?
Fat pig, fat pig, fat pig...
Oh, it's just Maika-chan!
Sorry! I was just practicing my sadism!
Is that part of your practice, too?
M-Manager!
I had the sweetest dream.
You were sleeping?
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
I was so focused on being sadistic!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I am so sorry!
You know what he was up to?
I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Staying up late watching anime again!
Being lost in thought is no excuse!
What I did was rude and embarrassing!
Get up already.
I'm sorry!
I wish...
I wish the manager...
I didn't want you to wake up.
Why am I like this?
I have to interact with the customers
today, but this won't cut it!
I have to be more dignified and smile!
M-Maika-shan...
I'll do my best on the job today, too!
Candy and a whip!
Is that a new kind of play?
Should we prepare a bit
before we change?
Good idea.
Smile.
Smile, smile, smile, smile.
Whoa!
What are you doing?
Smile, smile, smile, smile!
I just stumbled.
Table for two—
Are you okay?
(SMILE)
Y-Yes!
Smile, smile.
Excuse me.
Please give me your order once more.
Hee
Hold the pickles?
Haa
You were here yesterday, too, weren't you?
PFF
Today's expression is better than ever!
SHIVER...
Smile!
So, what are you doing in Japan?
I'm very much interested
in Japanese culture.
Um, what's going on?
Maika-chan, come here!
Look, a foreign customer!
I wonder what's up.
When the manager speaks English,
he seems like a respectable person.
Yeah.
A live English conversation!
I want to be able to talk like that someday!
That's right! This is my chance to study!
If I can catch what they're saying...
...you understand better.
Okay then!
RUMBLE RUMBLE
Sakuranomiya Maika
Nice to meet you!
Wow, a Japanese girl! With black hair!
Hello!
I've never seen
such beautiful black hair before!
What should I do?
I have no idea what he's saying!
At a time like this... That's it!
Like I saw in a movie once...
I'll respond like I understand!
Sadistic...
Thrilled
Well, Maika-chan?
I think you're pretty well
used to working here, aren't you?
Yes!
I've been smiling at the customers all day,
which seemed to please them!
So that's her smile.
Well, let's start this month's meeting!
I'd like you to bring up
something this café lacks.
What it lacks?
Like the variety of dishes
on the menu, or anything!
There aren't enough girls.
There aren't enough girls!
It'd be nice to have two more, wouldn't it?
Like a older sister and a tomboy!
I'm not talking staff but customers!
Now that you mention it,
the customers here are all males.
Well, that's the kind of café it is.
Um, Akizuki-san, why female customers?
It sounds dirty-minded!
I have nothing dirty in mind when I say
I'm looking for female customers.
What I'm looking for is...
yuri!
Yuri?
What does that mean?
Crap! Sakuranomiya is a normal person!
It'll be a pain in the butt
having to explain that otaku genre.
Well, how can I explain it?
You know, it's like when two girls are close.
But why are you looking
for yuri customers, Akizuki-kun?
Because if girls come to a place like this,
they'll feed each other a bite
of their sweets or share it, of course.
I dig the sacred mystery and possibilities
of allowable touching between girls.
Sacred mystery?
Holding hands!
Hugging each other in greeting!
Hey!
Long time no see!
JUST ONE BITE
An indirect kiss!
What do you think?
GOOD
Buying underwear together! Et cetera!
That kind of thing is the mysterious
domain girls are allowed to have!
I sense the dreams and possibilities
inherent in that!
You're fired up today, huh, Akizuki-san?
If you want female customers here,
why not invite your girlfriend, Akizuki-san?
I don't have one. You trying to pick a fight?
Then how about your friends, Kaho-san?
Me?
Back in elementary school,
we had a video game system at my house,
so a lot of male friends
would come over to play,
but now I just have a lot of online friends.
I'm sorry!
Um, this wouldn't be customers,
but if you're looking for girls to eat here...
That's it!
Me and Maika-chan can eat sweets here!
Yes! I like strawberry parfaits!
I like slightly bitter chocolate cake!
Okay, Manager?
I'll get on it right away!
It looks delicious!
Here, Maika-chan! Have a bite!
Thank you!
Aaah!
Yummy!
Now let me have a bite of yours, Maika-chan!
Sure!
I like "Kaho-Mai."
I choose "Manager x Maika-san"
This is the first time
I've shared food with a friend!
Now that I realized it,
I suddenly feel nervous!
Just like she said, I'll say "Aaah"!
Maika-chan...
Why are you in work mode?
STARE...
Maika-chan, are you listening to me? Maika-chan!
The ice cream will melt and fall off the spoon!
Kaho-san...
Wh-What?
Open your mouth right now!
Maika-chan, what's that stance for?
What are you going to do?
I guess it's more "Mai-Kaho."
Stop! Stop! Stop!
I choose "Pres-Mai."
I'm sorry!
I-I'll rinse it out with water,
so please take off your vest!
That's okay, no problem! I'll put it
in the washing machine at home.
Don't worry about it!
Take it off!
Maika-chan!
Stop! Stop!
Should we put an end to this?
Probably.
Stop! Stop!
Sorry.
I'm late.
Tiptoe, tiptoe...
Mafuyu-san!
Jeez.
What the heck were you two doing?
I'm sorry, Kaho-san.
I tried rinsing it out,
but there's still a small stain.
That's okay! Really, forget about it!
Um...
What should I do...
if the stain doesn't come out
even in the washing machine?
Then I should...
do the same to my own clothes!
Maika-chan, stop!
No, you're not!
Nooo!
What should I do?
I'm broke! And they're coming out
with a new video game this month!
You just got paid.
I-I used it all at the arcade.
Huh? How could you
use it all at the arcade?
You used too much!
What are you even gonna do
with all of your winnings?
To be honest,
I don't even care about the prizes.
I just respond to the challenge.
But I figured I'd give this one
to either the manager or Mafuyu-san!
MAGICAL GIRL
FRILL
It's a Magical Girl Frill figure!
Well, I'm sure they'd both want it.
Right?
Manager...
Mafuyu-san...
A beautiful girl figure!
Magical Girl Frill!
I won't let anyone else have
a beautiful girl figure, not even you, Mafuyu-san!
And I won't let any sacred kids'
anime merch go to a guy
who changes waifus every three months!
Then I'll have to resort to force!
I was hoping you'd say that!
Rock-paper-scissors!
C-Can I come in now?
My trailing frills
are a sign of my neatness!
Magical Girl Frill!
MAGICAL GIRL FRILL
EVERY SUNDAY AT 8:30 AM
I burned out. There's nothing left of me.
Is the manager okay?
I went easy on him, so he's all right.
More importantly,
we need to have that discussion.
About making a new menu, was it?
Every season, that's the tradition.
We give customers a limited-time menu,
and the item that gets ordered the most
is added to the regular menu.
Let's come up with an awesome menu togeth—
RUMBLE RUMBLE
Huh?
I want to get revenge for before!
Right now I'm broke, but I'm gonna win
and get that new video game!
I'm gonna win and designate
one day as Ladies' Day!
Um, it's competitive?
Of course!
We split up into two teams and
the manager gives a prize to the winning side!
We'll draw sticks to split up into two teams
of two and three people.
The sticks are colored.
Red team will have two people,
blue team three people, including me.
Maika-san, you go first!
O-Okay.
Red.
Blue, huh? Let's win this, Akizuki-kun!
Yeah.
Mafuyu-san, you're also red—
I feel a wave of hostility!
Mafuyu-Maika Team
Strategy Meeting in progress!
Keep out!!
U-Um...
Mafuyu-san...
I lost last time.
So I definitely want to win this time.
Because there's something
I just have to have.
Understood!
Let's win! For sure!
I'll do my best!
Maika...
RUMBLE RUMBLE
That's right!
We'll put everything on the line
to make minced meat out of them!
I hope Maika-chan will be okay.
Mafuyu-san takes this really seriously.
We don't have time
to worry about the enemy.
Enemy?
He's right!
With apologies to Maika-san,
we're going to win this contest.
Ladies' Day!
The beautiful girl figure!
We'll win this with tower pancakes!
You two are really into this, huh?
I think we should go with parfaits
for the new menu.
I like that!
To make an impact, we should produce
something really eye-catching.
I like that!
But also keep the cuteness
of what sweets should look like.
I like that!
The main point
will be traditional strawberries.
I like that!
Maika!
I-I-I like that!
Jeez.
Your sole input is "I like that."
Don't you have your own opinion?
No. I thought I'd leave it to you
since you have more experience.
If you're always that self-effacing,
you'll have a tough time in the real world.
You and I are a team,
so be sure to tell me your opinion.
Mafuyu-san...
Th-Then I'd like rabbit-shaped chocolate
to be on the parfait!
You really are humble, aren't you?
Welcome!
LIMITED-TIME MENU
Special Parfait
Wow, this is their limited-time menu!
I'd be too embarrassed to order
a parfait like this at a regular café.
But these pancakes look good, too!
Which to go with?
I can't decide.
Me and Mafuyu-san came up with that parfait!
What?
Really?
Then I'll have a parfait!
I'll go with the pancakes!
Here's your parfait, sir!
It's huge!
Enjoy your meal!
R-Right!
THUMP THUMP
H-Hey...
Spicy...
Salty...
Sour...
Is it so good
that you jumped out of your chair?
Sadist!
Maika-chan's limited-time parfait?
Maika-chan's dangerous limited-time parfait?
Limited-sadist play
where you eat a dangerous parfait,
and then Maika-chan asks you
your opinion with a smile?
Excuse me! One sadistic parfait!
Me, too!
I'll have a sadistic parfait, please!
Sadistic parfait?
Out of ingredients, so closing for the day.
Thank you for your understanding. -Stile
Yowser!
We finished a little early tonight,
but good work!
Good job!
It was a total victory for Mafuyu-san and Maika-chan!
But why did all the customers look so pale?
It's because the parfait
Maika-san and Mafuyu-san made was so buono!
Maika-san?
Yes, we made
an extraordinarily delicious parfait!
Thank you!
Huh? The ingredients—
I had them set aside
just enough for one more!
Is that how a manager is supposed to act?
Here I go.
Manager?
M-Manager!
So what the hell did you
put in there, Sakuranomiya?
W-Well, let's see...
A lot of sugar from the container
with the black lid...
Salt, huh?
Vanilla essence I found
in the back of the refrigerator...
Vinegar, huh?
And I wanted to make it colorful, so I put in
a bit of the liquid from that small red bottle.
Tabasco, huh?
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
The parfait won.
How could I? I'm sorry!
But I don't think we can put it
on the regular menu.
I'm sorry.
It's my fault the parfait didn't make
the regular menu.
Still, a win is a win, and we're gonna get
a prize, so it's all good.
Come to think of it,
what's your prize gonna be, Maika-chan?
I get a prize, too?
Of course.
You and I both won.
Before the contest, you have to get
approval from the manager.
Isn't there something that you want?
But I feel like I already got a prize.
Other than my family, today was the first time
I made something with someone.
It was a lot of fun!
So I kind of think that should be my prize!
Maika...
I'm telling you,
talking like that, you'll have
a tough time in the real world!
Good morn—
I've been waiting for you.
Mafuyu-san!
What is this?
I wanted this outfit!
With your black hair,
I knew it would look perfect on you!
It's even better than I imagined!
I won the contest, too!
You're part of my prize!
Look over here!
I've never seen Mafuyu-san so animated.
Yeah.
Amore! Mafuyu-san, I wanna participate
in that photo event, too!
No way.
What?
This is embarrassing!
Welcome—
Akizuki-san, we have female customers!
What?
So Shiracchi is the catcher!
Then you can eat anything!
But Gold is good , too!
With Gold, it'll be Gold x Silver!
I mean, have you seen the end card?
I saw it! It's lit! It's officially lit!
A-Akizuki-san?
Those girls are the polar opposite
of what I had in mind.
GLOOM...
AFTER THE DATE, RATED R
Smile!
Sweet!
Sister!
Sadistic!
Suprise!
Service!
We are Stile!
Nii-sama fansubs presents:
さあ扉を開けて
saa tobira wo akete
Now, open the door
未知なるパラダイス
michi naru paradaisu
Come here!
体験しよう　おいで　おいでよ
taikenshiyou oide oide yo!
Let's experience the unknown paradise.
君を待つのは不思議なオアシス
kimi wo matsu no wa fushigi na oashisu
Mysterious oasis with sipcy flavour
ほっこり日常に ちょっぴりスパイス
hokkori nichijou ni choppiri supaisu
is waiting for you everyday.
くるくる　かき混ぜちゃうんだ
kurukuru kakimazechaun da
Spinning, spinning. I'm stirring!
ぐるぐる　縦じまのフレイバー
guruguru tatejima no fureibaa
Round and round, vertical stripes of flavor.
サービス　サービス　ご褒美タイム
saabisu saabisu gohoubi taimu
Service, service! It's a reward time!
おもてなし　心込めて
omotenashi kokoro komete
We want to serve you from the bottom of our hearts.
Welcome to　わーい
Welcome to wai
Welcome to! Yay!
私たちと一緒に
watashitachi to issho ni
Please experience with us
めくるめくWonder Daydream
mekurumeku wonder day dream
the dazzling, wonder daydream.
愛情をマシマシ
aijou wo mashi mashi
Feel the increase of love affection
煩悩をなでまで
bannou wo nade made
with each headpat, until reaching your limit.
誠心誠意勤めます
seishinseii tsutomemasu
We'll put whole hearts into our work!
Yes　キミの元気チャージに
yes! kimi no genki chaaji ni
Yes! Can I play a part
一役買えるかな
hitoyaku kaeru kana
in recharging your life energy?
こういった感じも
kou itta kanji mo
This kinds of feelings
ああいった感じも
aa itta kanji mo
and that kinds of feelings
意外と悪くないでしょ
igai to warukunai deshou
aren't bad too, you know?
(ブオーノ　ブオーノ　ブレンドスタイル)
(buono buono, burendo sutairu)
(Buono, Buono, Blend Style)
キミに　きゅんきゅんきゅん
kimi ni kyun kyun kyun!
I will make you swoon, swoon, swoon!
ハートに パンチパンチパンチ
haato ni panchi panchi panchi!
With a punch, punch, punch to your heart.
(ブオーノ　ブオーノ　ブレンドスタイル)
(buono buono burendo sutairu)
(Buono, Buono, Blend Style)
お口に合いますか？
okuchi ni aimasuka?
Are you enjoying your meal?
お口に合うといいな！
okuchi ni au to ii na
Does it suit your tastes?